# 10/11/2024 Friday 7:20pm, 1hr, online
Attendees: Tommy, Haris, Aidan

Note taker: Tommy
## problems
* Re- set up our gitlab branches and finish TeamPolicy.md for submission
## discussion / work we have done during the meeting
* Aidan has changed the staging branch to be protected
* Tommy edited the teampolicy.md to fix grammar mistakes
* Aidan checked Tommy's merge request and merged into the staging branch
* Haris looked at the teampolicy.md again to check if there was anything else to add
* We scheduled our next meeting to be Sunday to continue the project overview

***

# 10/13/2024 Sunday 4:00pm, 2hrs, online
Attendees: Tommy, Haris, Aidan

Note taker: Tommy
## problems
* Confirm our datasets and fill out the project proposal
## discussion / work we have done during the meeting
* Confirmed to use dataset on CO2 emissions and climate change globally.
* Started our images of wireframes (Desktop and mobile view) on draw.io collaboratively.
* Aidan updated the GitLab issue 'Choose Data', and the team verified that it contains all necessary information before submission on Moodle
* We discussed on what the 3 potential endpoints are
* Each member began drafting a section in the proposal.md:
- **Haris** filled in the API, Visualizations and Features and Priorities sections
- **Aidan** filled the Views section
- **Tommy** filled the functionality and dependencies sections
* Reviewed client-side visualizations library that we could use (Plotly, Chart.js as a backup)
* Planned to finalize the wireframes and the proposal.md in our next meeting before the deadline

***

# 10/14/2024 Monday 7:00pm, 45min, online
Attendees: Tommy, Aidan

Note taker: Aidan
## problems
* Go over the Proposal and clean up some last changes.
## discussion / work we have done during the meeting
* Discussed how to manage having multiple countries selected at once, decided on having two countries as the base functionality, and leave having more then two countries as a stretch goal.
* Changes were made to the proposal to reflect the disscusion, and corrected an issue where the graph in the screenshot was missing.
* Tommy updated Formatting of the Choose Data issue.
* Plans were made to make the final submission tomorrow, leaving time for further changes if needed.

***

# 10/15/2024 Tuesday 7:00pm, 30min, online
Attendees: Tommy, Haris, Aidan

Note taker: Aidan
## problems
* A final meeting before submitting the proposal
## discussion / work we have done during the meeting
* Made sure nobody had anything else to add.
* Disscussed who should submit it, decided on Aidan based on the proposal spec.
* Tommy made some final fixes and changes to the proposal
* Realised the README was never filled out, Aidan then updated it.
* merged proposal into staging
* merged main into staging to update the README.md
* made submission merge request
* Aidan submitted links to the merge request and choose data issue

***

# 10/25/2024 Tuesday 1:00pm, 2h30min, in person 
Attendees: Tommy, Haris, Aidan

Note taker: Haris
## problems
* Going through submission feedback
## discussion / work we have done during the meeting
* Looked at the feedback all together and finding solutions to the missing features we had.
* Added 2 new views to meet the requirements.
* Changed Draw.io to match our new ideas and views.
* Make a new branch for our initial set up and we will add our new draw.io to it as well.

***

# 10/29/2024 Tuesday 8:00pm, 1h, online
Attendees: Tommy, Haris, Aidan

Note taker: Haris
## problems
* Review submission
## discussion / work we have done during the meeting
* Merged all of our code together
* Made sure everything was working all together
* Read through the submission requirements and made sure everything was done
* Add missing components if seen

***

# 10/30/2024 Tuesday 8:00pm, 1h, in person
## Retrospective Meeting
Attendees: Tommy, Haris, Aidan

Note taker: Haris

## discussion / work we have done during the meeting
* Asked each other questions fron the retrospective meeting
* Most of the phase 1 went well, we had a few issues to talk about, such as time management, last- minute work, the lack of usage of gitlab issues, What we need to change: more code review, make sure we are pushing working code.
* So far , we decided that there isn't much to change, we discussed on how to do our third view, since we didn't have any lat, long data. We will look for a libarary takes in a country instead.

# 11/08/2024 Friday 1:00pm, 1:15h, in person
## Retrospective Meeting
Attendees: Tommy, Haris, Aidan

Note taker: Tommy

## discussion / work we have done during the meeting
* Reviewed and update our issues in the gitlab
* We discussed the phase 1 feedbacks and small issues that have to fix.
* We cleared up confusion about our design
* We discussed about adding new api to get all the countries name

# 11/11/2024 Friday 6:30pm, 30min, online
## Retrospective Meeting
Attendees: Tommy, Haris, Aidan

Note taker: Aidan

## discussion / work we have done during the meeting
* Decided on a timeframe for MapChart to be finished.
* Recapped on the feedback for the phase 1 submission, and what needed else needed to be done to fufill it.
* Discussed what would be needed in the phase 2 submission.
* Assigned tasks to meet the decided upon goals, and made corressponding issues.

# 11/12/2024 Friday 7:00pm, 2:45h, online
## Retrospective Meeting
Attendees: Tommy, Haris, Aidan

Note taker: Haris

## discussion / work we have done during the meeting
* Went over Phase 2 requirements.
* Finished up and polished everything.
* Fixed bugs we had gotten into.
* Bug hunting , searched for any bugs.
* Submission for phase 2!

# 11/23/2024 Saturday 8:00pm, 30min, online

Attendees: Tommy, Haris, Aidan

Note taker: Tommy

## discussion / work we have done during the meeting
* Discussed about updating our gitlab issues more often
* Decided on a timeframe to finish the gitlab-ci job to produce an release artifact for AWS
* Discussed what would be needed in the phase 3 submission.
* Went over the app on render to see the effect on caching.
* Assigned everyone to do/show their performance report by leaving comments in the gitlab issue. This way, everyone can easily keep track of progress
* Agreed to have another meeting on Sunday.